“The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.” – Franklin D. Roosevelt
“Do one thing every day that scares you.” – Eleanor Roosevelt
“Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.” – Oscar Wilde
“You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose.” – Dr. Seuss
“Don't tell me the sky's the limit when there are footprints on the moon.” ― Paul Brandt
“Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere.” ― Albert Einstein
“The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today.” ― Franklin D. Roosevelt
“Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts.” ― Winston S. Churchill
“In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends.” ― Martin Luther King Jr.
“Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans.” ― John Lennon
“The purpose of our lives is to be happy.” ― Dalai Lama
“To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.” ― Ralph Waldo Emerson
“Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.” ― Buddha
“It is never too late to be what you might have been.” ― George Eliot
“Believe you can and you're halfway there.” ― Theodore Roosevelt
“You miss 100% of the shots you don't take.” ― Wayne Gretzky
“Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life.” ― Steve Jobs
“Not everything that is faced can be changed, but nothing can be changed until it is faced.” ― James Baldwin
“Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.” ― Theodore Roosevelt
“The best way to predict your future is to create it.” ― Abraham Lincoln
“Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.” ― Dalai Lama
“In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.” ― Robert Frost
“To love and be loved is to feel the sun from both sides.” ― David Viscott
“We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.” ― Aristotle
“The only way to do great work is to love what you do.” ― Steve Jobs
“If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way.” ― Napoleon Hill
“Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.” ― George Bernard Shaw
“Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom.” ― George S. Patton
“What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.” ― Ralph Waldo Emerson
“The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.” ― Lao Tzu
“The mind is everything. What you think you become.” ― Buddha
“I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that it won't work.” ― Thomas A. Edison
“You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.” ― Mae West
“The best revenge is massive success.” ― Frank Sinatra
“The unexamined life is not worth living.” ― Socrates
“Life is made of ever so many partings welded together.” ― Charles Dickens
“Turn your wounds into wisdom.” ― Oprah Winfrey
“You must be the change you wish to see in the world.” ― Mahatma Gandhi
“Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.” ― Sam Levenson
“A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.” ― Albert Einstein
“The only way to achieve the impossible is to believe it is possible.” ― Charles Kingsleigh
“Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.” ― William James
“Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful.” ― Joshua J. Marine
“If life were predictable it would cease to be life, and be without flavor.” ― Eleanor Roosevelt
“It's not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters.” ― Epictetus
“Keep your face always toward the sunshine—and shadows will fall behind you.” ― Walt Whitman
“The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.” ― Nelson Mandela
“The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.” ― Walt Disney
“The purpose of life is a life of purpose.” ― Robert Byrne
“To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all.” ― Oscar Wilde
“It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.” ― Confucius
“Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear.” ― George Addair
“Difficulties in life are intended to make us better, not bitter.” ― Dan Reeves
“What we think, we become.” ― Buddha
“If you set your goals ridiculously high and it's a failure, you will fail above everyone else's success.” ― James Cameron
“Dream big and dare to fail.” ― Norman Vaughan
“In order to write about life first you must live it.” ― Ernest Hemingway
“Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.” ― Confucius
“Life is a long lesson in humility.” ― James M. Barrie
“Good friends, good books, and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life.” ― Mark Twain
“Life is short, and it is up to you to make it sweet.” ― Sarah Louise Delany
“May you live all the days of your life.” ― Jonathan Swift
“Life itself is the most wonderful fairy tale.” ― Hans Christian Andersen
“Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.” ― Ralph Waldo Emerson
“Life is what we make it, always has been, always will be.” ― Grandma Moses
“Live in the sunshine, swim the sea, drink the wild air.” ― Ralph Waldo Emerson
“Life is trying things to see if they work.” ― Ray Bradbury
“Love the life you live. Live the life you love.” ― Bob Marley
“The good life is one inspired by love and guided by knowledge.” ― Bertrand Russell
“You have within you right now, everything you need to deal with whatever the world can throw at you.” ― Brian Tracy
“Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.” ― Albert Einstein
“If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things.” ― Albert Einstein
“It is our choices that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.” ― J.K. Rowling
“Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple.” ― Dr. Seuss
“The greatest wealth is to live content with little.” ― Plato
“You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.” ― C.S. Lewis
“If you can dream it, you can achieve it.” ― Zig Ziglar
“Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood.” ― Ralph Waldo Emerson
“Live life to the fullest, and focus on the positive.” ― Matt Cameron
“Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle.” ― Christian D. Larson
“You have within you right now, everything you need to deal with whatever the world can throw at you.” ― Brian Tracy
“What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.” ― Ralph Waldo Emerson
“The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your dreams.” ― Oprah Winfrey
“You have within you right now, everything you need to deal with whatever the world can throw at you.” ― Brian Tracy
“I alone cannot change the world, but I can cast a stone across the water to create many ripples.” ― Mother Teresa
“If you look at what you have in life, you'll always have more. If you look at what you don't have in life, you'll never have enough.” ― Oprah Winfrey
“Remember that not getting what you want is sometimes a wonderful stroke of luck.” ― Dalai Lama
“You can't use up creativity. The more you use, the more you have.” ― Maya Angelou
“Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass, but about learning to dance in the rain.” ― Vivian Greene
“A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable but more useful than a life spent doing nothing.” ― George Bernard Shaw
“Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood.” ― Ralph Waldo Emerson
“Your work is to discover your world and then with all your heart give yourself to it.” ― Buddha
“The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.” ― Walter Bagehot
“Live life to the fullest, and focus on the positive.” ― Matt Cameron
“The more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate.” ― Oprah Winfrey
“Life is short, and truth works far and lives long: let us then speak the truth.” ― Arthur Schopenhauer
“Life is 10 percent what happens to you and 90 percent how you respond to it.” ― Lou Holtz
“Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards.” ― Søren Kierkegaard
“Spend so much time improving yourself that you have no time left to criticize others." - Norman Vincent Peale